README.md, before:

# React-Portfolio

![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellowgreen)

## Description


## Table of Contents
1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Usage](#usage)
3. [Credits](#credits)
4. [Questions](#questions)  
5. [License](#license)


## Installation



## Usage




The following are screenshots of :

Screenshot of :
![Screenshot of ]()




## Credits:
1. https://www.reshot.com/ (SVG icons)

2. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ul3y1LXxzdU&list=PLgSW_umqodUpWypzxtaqSTVNjqmsuPrzA&index=8 (Help with React Router)

3. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAeRhmpcWEQ&t=433s (Help with React-Vite)

4. https://iconmonstr.com/ (SVG icons)

5. https://icons8.com/icons/set/github (SVG icons)

6. https://react-slick.neostack.com/ (React Slick Docs)

7. https://tailwind-elements.com/docs/standard/components/carousel/#docsTabsOverview (Tailwind Docs)

8. 

8. Instructor, TAs, and classmates.

## Questions
Feel free to contact me at nguyen_dinh282@yahoo.com for additional information.  
Also, check out my other projects on [GitHub](https://github.com/Dinh282)


## License

Please refer to the LICENSE section in the repository.


---

Commit message:

add svg and icon files for frontend backend and tools for resume page

README.md, after:

# React-Portfolio

![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellowgreen)

## Description


## Table of Contents
1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Usage](#usage)
3. [Credits](#credits)
4. [Questions](#questions)  
5. [License](#license)


## Installation



## Usage




The following are screenshots of :

Screenshot of :
![Screenshot of ]()




## Credits:
1. https://www.reshot.com/ (SVG icons)

2. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ul3y1LXxzdU&list=PLgSW_umqodUpWypzxtaqSTVNjqmsuPrzA&index=8 (Help with React Router)

3. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAeRhmpcWEQ&t=433s (Help with React-Vite)

4. https://iconmonstr.com/ (SVG icons)

5. https://icons8.com/icons/set/github (SVG icons)

6. https://react-slick.neostack.com/ (React Slick Docs)

7. https://tailwind-elements.com/docs/standard/components/carousel/#docsTabsOverview (Tailwind Docs)

8. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdrEjwymzdY (Help with Framer Motion for page animation)

9. https://www.framer.com/motion/ (Framer Motion Docs)

10. https://uxwing.com/react-js-icon/ (Svg Icons)

8. Instructor, TAs, and classmates.

## Questions
Feel free to contact me at nguyen_dinh282@yahoo.com for additional information.  
Also, check out my other projects on [GitHub](https://github.com/Dinh282)


## License

Please refer to the LICENSE section in the repository.


---
